A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on. -- Carl Sandburg
A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no responsibility at the other.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain. -- Mark Twain
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have enlightened him with ours.
A budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well as afterward.
A cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education. -- Mark Twain
A child of 5 could understand this!  Fetch me a child of 5. -- Groucho Marx
A committee is an animal with at least six legs, and no brain. -- Heinlein
A couple of months in the lab can often save a couple of hours in the library.
A crisis is when you can't say, "Let's just forget the whole thing." -- Ferguson
A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin. -- H. L. Mencken
A diplomat is a man who can convince his wife she'd look stout in a fur coat.
A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of. -- Ogden Nash
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject. -- Winston Churchill
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry.  Hence University education. -- G. B. Shaw
A fool-proof method for sculpting an elephant: first, get a huge block of marble; then you chip away everything that doesn't look like an elephant.
A general leading the State Department resembles a dragon commanding ducks.
A homeowner's reach should exceed her grasp, or what's a weekend for?
A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants. -- Wilcox
A psychiatrist is a person who will give you expensive answers that your wife will give you for free.
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
A real person has two reasons for doing anything ... a good reason and the real reason.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral. -- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
A sine curve goes off to infinity or at least the end of the blackboard -- Prof. Steiner
A sine curve goes off to infinity, or at least the end of the blackboard.
A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.
A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.
A successful American spends more supporting the government than a family.
A theorist right once in ten is a hero; an observer wrong that often is a bum.
A university without students is like an ointment without a fly. -- Ed Nather
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper its printed on. -- Samuel Goldwyn
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
A witty saying proves nothing, but saying something pointless gets people's attention.
About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends. -- Herbert Hoover
About when we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends. -- Hoover
Absolutum obsoletum. (If it works, it is out of date.) -- Stafford Beer
Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics, because the stakes are so low. -- Wallace Sayre
Accident: When presence of mind is good, but absence of body is better.
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are totally worthless.
According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never dies.
According to the official figures, 43% of all statistics are totally worthless.
Admiration: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
Adult: A person that has stopped growing at both ends but not in the middle.
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done. -- Olmstead
After painting the town red, take a rest before applying a second coat.
Afterism: A concise, clever statement you don't think of until too late. - Thom
Afternoon very favorable for romance. Try a single person for a change.
Aiming for the least common denominator sometimes causes division by zero.
Air travel: Breakfast in London, dinner in New York, luggage in Brazil.
All I ask is the chance to prove that money cannot make me happy. -- Lauris
All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power -- Ashleigh Brilliant
All my friends and I are crazy. That's the only thing that keeps us sane.
All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific. -- Jane Wagner
All people are born alike -- except Republicans and Democrats. -- Groucho Marx
All probabilities are really 50%. Either a thing will happen or it won't.
All snakes who wish to remain in Ireland will please raise their right hands. -- Saint Patrick
All this wheeling and dealing around, why, it isn't for money, it's for fun.  Money's just the way we keep score.
All trails have more uphill sections than they have downhill sections.
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy. -- McCarthy
America may be unique in being a country which has leapt from barbarism to decadence without touching civilization. -- John O'Hara
Amoebit: Amoeba/rabbit cross; it can multiply and divide at the same time.
Among economists, the real world is often a special case. -- Horngren
Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no government at all.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to sell it.
Any smoothly functioning technology is indistinguishable from a "rigged" demo.
Any technology distinguishable from magic is insufficiently advanced.
Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours. -- Holmes
Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the sight of a police car is probably parked.
Anyone can admit they were wrong; the true test is admitting it to someone else.
Anyone can make an omelet with eggs. The trick is to make one with none.
Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined. -- Goldwyn
Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined. -- Samuel Goldwyn
Anyone who uses the phrase "easy as taking candy from a baby" has never tried taking candy from a baby. -- Robin Hood
Anyone who uses the phrase 'easy as taking candy from a baby' has never tried taking candy from a baby.
Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or fattening. -- Pardo
Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes. -- Mickey Mouse
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination.  When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular. -- Oscar Wilde
Ask five economists and you'll get five different explanations (six if one went to Harvard). -- Edgar R. Fiedler
Ask not for whom the bell tolls, and pay only station-to-station rates.
Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls ... if thou art in the bathtub, it tolls for thee.
At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.
At these prices, I lose money -- but I make it up in volume. -- Peter Alaquon
Auditors always reject expense accounts with a bottom line divisible by five.
Authority: A person who can tell you more than you really care to know.
Automobile: A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians.
Babies can't walk because their legs aren't long enough to reach the ground.
Bachelor: A selfish guy who has cheated some woman out of a divorce. -- Quinn
Bare feet magnetize sharp metal objects so they point upward from the floor -- especially in the dark.
Baseball is a skilled game.  It's America's game -- it, and high taxes. -- Will Rogers
Be a better psychiatrist and the world will beat a psychopath to your door.
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint. -- Mark Twain
Behold the warranty: The bold print giveth, and the fine print taketh away.
Being a good communicator means people find out what's really wrong with you.
Being a woman is quite difficult since it consists mainly of dealing with men.
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before. -- Mae West
Biology is the only science in which multiplication means the same thing as division.
Bore: He who talks so much about himself that you can't talk about yourself.
Bore: Wraps up a two-minute idea in a two-hour vocabulary. -- Winchell
Boys are beyond the range of anybody's sure understanding, at least when they are between the ages of 18 months and 90 years. -- James Thurber
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men. -- Kin Hubbard
Brain: The apparatus with which we think that we think. -- Ambrose Bierce
Budget: A method of worrying before you spend money, as well as afterward.
But officer, I was only trying to gain enough speed so I could coast to the nearest gas station.
By doing just a little every day, you can gradually let the task completely overwhelm you.
By the time you have the right answers, no one is asking you questions.
By trying, we can easily learn to endure adversity -- another man's, I mean. -- Mark Twain
Cabbage: A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as a man's head.
Carmel, New York, has an ordinance forbidding men to wear coats and trousers that don't match.
Charm: A way of getting a "yes" -- without having asked any clear question.
Cheap: Much less expensive than ones selling for up to twice as much.
Children act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good manners.
Children aren't happy without something to ignore, and that's what parents were created for. -- Ogden Nash
Children seldom misquote you.  In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
Cigarette: A fire at one end, a fool at the other, and a bit of tobacco in between.
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing. -- Phyllis Diller
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society. -- Mark Twain
Committee: A group of men who keep minutes and waste hours. -- Milton Berle
Committee: The unwilling, selected from the unfit, to do the unnecessary.
Committees have become so important nowadays that subcommittees have to be appointed to do the work.
Common sense: The collection of prejudices acquired by age 18. -- Einstein
Concept: Any "idea" for which an outside consultant bills more than $25,000.
Confidence: The feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Confound those who have said our remarks before us. -- Aelius Donatus
Congress is not the sole suppository of wisdom. -- Rep. Bill Schuette (R-MI)
Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends. -- H. L. Mencken
Conscience: The inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking. -- Mencken
Conscious is being aware of something; conscience is wishing you weren't.
Conscious is when you are aware of something and conscience is when you wish you weren't.
Conservative: A person who believes nothing should be done for the first time.
Consider what might be fertilizing the greener grass across the fence.
Consultant: Someone who knowns 101 ways to make love, but can't get a date.
Consultants are mystical people who ask a company for a number and then give it back to them.
Coward: One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs. -- Bierce
Creative minds always have been known to survive any kind of bad training. -- Anna Freud
Cynic: A person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern. -- Shoaff
Cynic: A person who tells you the truth about your own motives. -- Russel Green
Dark dirt is attracted to light objects, and dark dirt to light objects.
Death and taxes are inevitable; at least death doesn't get worse every year.
Deliberation: Examining one's bread to determine which side it is buttered on.
Dentists are incapable of asking questions that need a simple yes or no answer.
Dew is formed on leaves when the sun shines on them and makes them perspire.
Diplomat: A man who can convince his wife she would look stout in a fur coat.
Don't be fooled by his twinkling eyes; it's the sun shining between his ears.
Don't create a problem for which you do not have the answer. -- Burke
Don't ever take a fence down until you know the reason it was put up. -- G.K. Chesterton
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper. -- Scottish Proverb
Don't take life too seriously; you won't get out of it alive. -- Hubbard
Don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree. -- Russell Long
Don't tell me I'm burning the candle at both ends -- tell me where to get more wax!!
Don't worry if it doesn't work right.  If everything did, you'd be out of a job.
Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you.  They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.
Drug: A substance that, when injected into a rat, produces a scientific paper.
Early to rise and early to bed makes a man healthy and wealthy and dead.
Easiest way to figure the cost of living: Take your income and add ten percent.
Eat a live toad in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you that day.
Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent. -- Fred Allen
Eighty percent of air pollution comes from plants and trees. -- Ronald Reagan
Eighty percent of all people consider themselves to be above average drivers.
Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped. -- last words of Groucho Marx
Emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far. Especially if they are dead.
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it. -- Woody Allen
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak it to? -- Clarence Darrow
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you just how busy they are.
Every 4 seconds a woman has a baby.  Our problem is to find this woman and stop her.
Every cloud has a silver lining; you should have sold it, and bought titanium.
Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens. -- Lieberman
Everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise. -- Atwood
Everyone is a genius.  It's just that some people are too stupid to realize it.
Everyone is a genius. It is just that some people are too stupid to realize it.
Everything is controlled by a small evil group to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs.
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work. -- John G. Pollard
Executive ability: Deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
Exercise extends your life ten years, but you spend 15 of them doing it.
Experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined. -- Horner
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it. -- Olivier
Experience is the worst teacher.  It always gives the test first and the instruction afterward.
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
Experiments should be reproducible. They should all fail the same way.
Expert: Avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
Fanatic: Someone who, having lost sight of his goal, redoubles his efforts.
Fantasy, abandoned by reason, produces impossible monsters; united with it, she is the mother of the arts and the origin of marvels. - Goya
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months. -- Oscar Wilde
Fashion: A form of ugliness so intolerable that it changes every six months.
Fertility is hereditary.  If your parents didn't have any children, neither will you.
Fights between cats and dogs are prohibited by statute in Barber, North Carolina.
Fill what's empty; empty what's full; scratch where it itches. -- Longworth
Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity. -- Robert Firth
Football, like religion, brings out the best in people. -- Larry Chapman
For a man to truly understand rejection, he must first be ignored by a cat.
For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction. -- Anthony Battista
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism. -- Harrison
For every action, there is an equal and opposite government program. -- Main
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong. -- H. L. Mencken
For some reason, this statement reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.
For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
Four kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable, and praiseworthy...
Free at last, free at last, Great God Almighty, I am free at last. -- Martin Luther King
Furbling: Walking a maze of ropes even when you are the only person in line.
Generally you don't see that kind of behavior in a major appliance. -- Murray
Genetics: Why you look like your father, or if you don't, why you should.
Genius: A chemist who discovers a laundry additive that rhymes with "bright".
Give me a lever long enough, and a place to stand, and I'll break my lever.
Giving away baby clothes and furniture is the major cause of pregnancy.
God is not dead. He is alive and working on a much less ambitious project.
God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
Good-bye. I am leaving because I am bored. -- last words of George Saunders
Government expands to absorb all available revenue and then some. -- Wiker
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. -- Albert Einstein
Group IQ: Lowest IQ of any member divided by the number of people in the group.
Handel was half German, half Italian, and half English. He was rather large.
Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk?
Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain.
He is considered a most graceful speaker who can say nothing in the most words.
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
He who invents adages to peruse takes along rowboat when going on cruise.
He who is still laughing hasn't yet heard the bad news. -- Bertolt Brecht
He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks. -- Chinese proverb
He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.
Heating with wood, you get warm twice: Once chopping it, and once stacking it.
Heineken Uncertainty Principle: Never sure how many beers you had last night.
History chronicles the small portion of the past that was suitable for print.
Honeymoon: A short period of doting between dating and debting. -- Ray Bandy
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people. -- W. C. Fields
Hospitality: Making your guests feel at home, even though you wish they were.
How can you govern a nation which has 246 kinds of cheese? -- Charles de Gaulle
How do they get all those little metal bits on a zipper to line up so well?
How do you make an elephant float? Two scoops of elephant and some rootbeer...
How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
How long is a minute depends on which side of the bathroom door you are on.
How long should a man's legs be? Long enough to reach the ground. -- Lincoln
How many lawyers does it take to screw in a light bulb? All you can afford.
I am a Hollywood writer, so I put on a sports jacket and take off my brain.
I am a creationist; I refuse to believe that I could have evolved from humans.
I am a great housekeeper. I get divorced. I keep the house. -- Zsa Zsa Gabor
I am dying beyond my means. -- last words of Oscar Wilde, sipping champagne
I am prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life.
I am really enjoying not talking to you, so let's not talk again real soon, OK?
I came to MIT to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother.
I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars. -- Fred Allen
I could dance till the cows come home.  On second thought, I'd rather dance with the cows till you come home. -- Groucho Marx
I didn't have time to write a short letter, so I wrote a long one instead. -- Mark Twain
I don't have any solution, but I certainly admire the problem. -- Brilliant
I have a very firm grasp on reality!  I can reach out and strangle it any time!
I have had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it. -- Groucho Marx
I have heard about people like me, but I never made the connection. -- McLean
I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer. -- Albran
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best. -- Wilde
I have ways of making money that you know nothing of. -- John D. Rockefeller
I learned long ago, never to wrestle with a pig. You get dirty, and besides, the pig likes it. -- George Bernard Shaw
I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent. -- Brilliant
I must follow the people. Am I not their leader? -- Benjamin Disraeli
I must get out of these wet clothes and into a dry Martini. -- Woolcott
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception. -- Marx
I never made a mistake in my life. I thought I did once, but I was wrong.
I often quote myself; it adds spice to my conversation. -- G. B. Shaw
I shot an arrow into the air and it stuck. -- graffiti in Los Angeles
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six.  Mother took me to see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph. - Shirley Temple
I think there's a world market for about 5 computers. -- Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM (around 1948)
I used to be lost in the shuffle. Now I just shuffle along with the lost.
I worked myself up from nothing to a state of extreme poverty. -- Groucho Marx
I would never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member. -- Marx
I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy.
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep I am.
Idiot box: Part of an envelope that tells a person where to place the stamp.
If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.
If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.
If God lived on Earth, people would knock out all his windows. - Yiddish proverb
If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive. -- Samuel Goldwyn
If I owned Texas and Hell, I would rent out Texas and live in Hell. -- Sheridan
If I told you you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
If a machine can be made so that an idiot can use it, then only an idiot will use it. -- Tadao Ichikawa
If a thing's worth doing, it is worth doing badly. -- G. K. Chesterton
If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion. -- George Benard Shaw
If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door. -- Paul Beatty
If all the world's managers were laid end to end, it would be an improvement.
If an item is advertised as "under $50", you can bet it's not $19.95. -- McGowan
If at first you don't succeed, you probably didn't really care anyway.
If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average. -- Leonard Levinson
If bankers can count, how come they have eight windows and only four tellers?
If conditions are not favorable, bacteria go into a period of adolescence.
If enough data is collected, anything can be proven by statistical methods.
If it were truly the thought that counted, more women would be pregnant.
If little green men land in your back yard, hide any little green women you've got in the house.
If my film makes one more person miserable, I've done my job. -- Woody Allen
If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.
If parents would only realize how they bore their children. -- G. B. Shaw
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
If the probability of success is not almost one, it is damn near zero. -- Ellis
If today is the first day of the rest of your life, what was yesterday?
If we all work together we can totally disrupt the system. -- Brilliant
If we cannot learn from our mistakes, we just rename them; "Success". -- Jon Loux
If we knew what the hell we were doing, then it wouldn't be research.
If you are asked to join a parade, don't march behind the elephants. -- Zisla
If you are horny, it's lust, but if your partner's horny, it's affection.
If you are not very clever you should be conciliatory. -- Benjamin Disraeli
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars. -- J. Paul Getty
If you can't find your glasses, it's probably because you don't have them on.
If you can't say anything nice, you probably don't have many friends.
If you cannot hope for order, withdraw with style from the chaos. -- Stoppard
If you do not change direction you are likely to end up where you are headed.
If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours. -- Clarence Day
If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it. -- Coolidge
If you eat a live frog in the morning, nothing worse will happen to either of you for the rest of the day.
If you explain so clearly that no one can possibly misunderstand, someone will.
If you give Congress a chance to vote on both sides of an issue, it will always do it.
If you have a difficult task, give it to a lazy person -- they will find an easier way to do it.
If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class? -- Hempstone
If you live in a country run by committee, be on the committee. -- Graham Summer
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail. -- Maslow
If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it. -- Kasspe
In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled waffles.
In America, it is not how much an item costs, it is how much you save.
In a ham and egg breakfast, the chicken was involved, but the pig was committed.
In a modern household, the only things we have to wash by hand are children.
In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of the enemy.
In process: So wrapped up in red tape that the situation is almost hopeless.
In the first half of our life we learn habits that shorten the second half.
Ingrate: Bites the hand that feeds him, and then complains of indigestion.
Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction listen to weather forecasts and economists?
It is better to be on the ground wishing you were flying, than vice versa.
It is better to have a positive Wasserman than never to have loved at all.
It is better to light one candle than to torch a wax museum with a flamethrower.
It is better to remain childless than to father an orphan. -- Tom Weller
It is dangerous to name your children before you know how many you will have.
It is difficult to legislate morality in the absence of moral legislators.
It is easier to take it apart than to put it back together. -- Washlesky
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
It is impossible to travel faster than light, and certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off. -- Woody Allen
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
It is not Camelot, but it's not Cleveland, either. -- Boston mayor Kevin White
It is not that you and I are so clever, but that the others are such fools.
It is so soon that I am done for, I wonder what I was begun for. -- epitaph
It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.
It takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech. -- Mark Twain
It was such a beautiful day I decided to stay in bed. -- W. Somerset Maugham
It would be nice to be sure of anything the way some people are of everything.
It's easier to get forgiveness than permission. --Grace Murray Hopper.
It's hell to work for a nervous boss, especially if you are why he's nervous!
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you look playing the game.
Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you are at it.
Jury: Twelve men and women trying to decide which party has the best lawyer.
Just because you are not paranoid doesn't mean they are not out to get you.
Just when you get going, someone injects a dose of reality with a large needle.
Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a faster rat!
Keep a very firm grasp on reality, so you can strangle it at any time.
Liberal: Someone too poor to be a capitalist and too rich to be a communist.
Lie: A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one discovered to date.
Life begins at the centerfold and expands outward. -- Miss November, 1966
Life is like a sewer... What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Life might have no meaning, or worse, it might have a meaning you don't like.
Living on Earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip around the Sun.
Living your life is so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence. -- Kettering
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. -- H. L. Mencken
Love thy neighbor as thyself, but choose thy neighborhood. -- Louise Beal
Love: The warm feeling you get towards someone who meets your neurotic needs.
Machines have less problems. I'd like to be a machine. -- Andy Warhol
Male zebras have white stripes, but female zebras have black stripes.
Man who arrives at party two hours late finds he has been beaten to the punch.
Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.
Mankind... infests the whole habitable Earth and Canada. -- Ambrose Bierce
Math is like love; a simple idea, but it can get complicated. -- R. Drabek
Mathematicians are willing to assume anything -- except responsibility.
Matter cannot be created or destroyed, nor can it be returned without a receipt.
Matter cannot be created or destroyed; nor can it be returned without a receipt.
Maybe you can't buy happiness, but these days you can certainly charge it.
Meeting: A gathering where the minutes are kept and the hours lost. -- Gourd
Middle age is youth without it's levity. And old age without decay. -- Daniel Defoe
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music. -- Groucho Marx
Moderation is a fatal thing. Nothing succeeds like excess. -- Oscar Wilde
Money can't buy happiness, but it can certainly rent it for a couple of hours.
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. -- Abe Lincoln
Most general statements are false, including this one. -- Alexander Dumas
Most people get lost in thought because it is unfamiliar territory. -- Paul Fixx
Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like. -- Bennett
Mountain climbers rope together to prevent the sensible ones from going home.
My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you. -- Iphicrates
My life has a superb cast but I can't figure out the plot. -- Ashleigh Brilliant
My own business always bores me to death; I prefer other people's. -- Wilde
My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed. - Morley
Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs repainting. -- Billy Rose
Never knock on Death's door. Ring the bell and run away.  Death really hates that.
Never offend with style when you can offend with substance. -- Sam Brown
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.  There might be a law against it by that time.
Nine out of ten doctors agree that one out of ten doctors is an idiot.
Nine out of ten people think they are above average. The rest are in therapy.
No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next. -- Howe
No matter what results are expected, someone is always willing to fake it.
No prizes for predicting rain. Prizes only awarded for building arks.
Nobody wants constructive criticism. We can barely handle constructive praise.
Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none. -- Shakespeare
Not all men who drink are poets. Some of us drink because we are not poets.
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it is time to get up.
Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come. -- Tussman
Nothing will dispel enthusiasm like a small admission fee. -- Kim Hubbard
Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to conceive. -- Herold
On the whole, I'd rather be in Philadelphia. -- W. C. Fields's epitaph
Once ... in the wilds of Afghanistan, I lost my corkscrew, and we were forced to live on nothing but food and water for days. -- W. . Fields
Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only makes it worse.
One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs -- but it is amazing how many eggs one can break without making a decent omelette.
One good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.
One good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to cringe.
One way to make your old car run better is to look up the price of a new model.
Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon compounds.  Biochemistry is the study of carbon compounds that crawl.
Our Constitution ... gives to bigotry no sanction. -- George Washington
Our problems are mostly behind us. Now we have to fight the solutions.
Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it. -- Alex Schure
Oversteer is when the passenger is scared; understeer when the driver is scared.
Packrat's credo: I have no use for it, but I hate to see it go to waste.
Paradise is exactly like where you are, only MUCH, MUCH better. -- Anderson
People accept an idea more readily if you say Benjamin Franklin said it first.
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.
People who think they know everything greatly annoy those of us who do.
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin Franklin said it first.
Perhaps your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
Political T.V. commercials prove one thing: some candidates can tell all their good points and qualifications in just 30 seconds.
Politicians are the same all over.  They promise to build a bridge even where there is no river. -- Nikita Khrushchev
Politics is for the moment.  An equation is for eternity. -- Albert Einstein
Possessions increase to fill the space available for their storage. -- Ryan
Progress means replacing a theory that is wrong with one more subtly wrong.
Progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long. -- Nash
Puritan: Someone who is deathly afraid that someone somewhere is having fun.
Quantity is no substitute for quality, but it is the only one we have.
Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur. (Anything in Latin sounds profound.)
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -- Dick
Refrain means don't do it. A refrain in music is the part you better not sing.
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing. -- von Braun
Russia has abolished God, but so far God has been more tolerant. -- Swayze
Satisfaction guaranteed, or twice your load back. -- sign on septic tank truck
Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is playing golf with his boss.
Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics. -- Fletcher Knebel
Snow and adolescence are problems that disappear if you ignore them long enough.
So, what's with this guy Gideon, anyway?  And why can't he ever remember his Bible?
Some make things happen; some watch what happens; some wonder what happened.
Some people cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers so that the pens will multiply instead of disappear.
Someday you will look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
Strategy is when you keep firing so the enemy doesn't know you're out of ammo.
Success is something I will dress for when I get there, and not until.
Success: The ability to go from failure to failure without being discouraged.
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must; I do what I am paid to do.
Taxes are going up so fast, the government might price itself out of the market.
Taxes: The one of life's two certainties for which you can get an extension.
Telepathy: Knowing what people think when really they don't think at all.
The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.
The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech. -- Clifton Fadiman
The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal. -- Blair
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and for deeds left undone. --Harriet Beecher Stowe
The bureaucracy expands to meet the needs of an expanding bureaucracy.
The camel has a single hump; The dromedary two; Or else the other way around. I'm never sure.  Are you? -- Ogden Nash
The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere.
The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco. -- Mark Twain
The cost of living is going up, and the chance of living is going down.
The cow is a machine that makes grass fit for us people to eat. -- John McNulty
The cow is of the bovine ilk; one end is moo, the other, milk. -- Ogden Nash
The easiest way to figure the cost of living is to take your income and add ten percent.
The end of the human race will be that it will eventually die of civilization. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
The first bug to hit a clean windshield lands directly in front of your eyes.
The first piece of luggage out of the chute does not belong to anyone, ever.
The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts. -- Ehrlich
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
The future is a myth created by insurance salesmen and high school counselors.
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax. -- Einstein
The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching train.
The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get much sleep.
The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.
The number watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
The number you have dialed is imaginary. Please multiply by i and dial again.
The one who says it can't be done should never interrupt the one doing it.
The only tools some people are competent to use are a pen and a checkbook.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it. -- Oscar Wilde
The quality of a champagne is judged by the amount of noise the cork makes when it is popped.
The race is not always to the swift... but that's the way to bet. -- Runyon
The right to search for the truth implies also a duty; one must not conceal any part of what one has recognized to be the truth. -- Albert Einstein
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  And littered with sloppy analysis!
The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that, you have it made.
The shortest distance between two points is through hell. -- Brian Clark
The shortest distance between two points is under construction. -- Altito
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up. -- Ogden
The stapler runs out of staples only while you are trying to staple something.
The supernova makes Mt. St. Helens and Krakatoa look puny. -- Time Magazine
The theory of evolution was greatly objected to because it made men think.
The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.
The total intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing.
The trouble with a kitten is that, when it grows up, it is always a cat. -- Nash
The trouble with being punctual is that no one is there to appreciate it.
The two most common things in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
The universe is surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds universes.
The world isn't any worse. It's just that the news coverage is so much better.
The world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed. -- Sean O'Casey
Theft from a single author is plagiarism. Theft from three or more is research.
There are many excuses for being late, but there are none for being early.
There are more things in heaven and Earth than anyplace else. -- Tom Weller
There are things that are so serious that you can only joke about them. -- Heisenberg
There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire someone, or forbid your kids to do it.
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full. -- Kissinger
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about.
There is a fine line between courage and foolishness. Too bad it's not a fence.
There is an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about.
There is an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.
There is no force so powerful as an idea whose time has come. -- Everett Dirkson
There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.
There is nothing wrong with teenagers that reasoning with them won't aggravate.
There is only one difference between a madman and me. I am not mad. -- Dali
There must be more to life than sitting wondering if there is more to life.
They couldn't hit an elephant at this dist... -- last words of General Sedgwick
Things are more like they are today then they ever were before. -- Eisenhower
Things will get better despite our efforts to improve them. -- Will Rogers
This is the sort of English up with which I will not put. -- Winston Churchill
This isn't right. This isn't even wrong. -- Wolfgang Pauli, on physics paper
This may not be the best of all worlds, but it is certainly the most expensive.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well. -- ristotle
Those who flee temptation generally leave a forwarding address. -- Olinghouse
Those who like sausages and the law had better not watch either one being made.
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and, whatever you hit, call it the target.
To err is human. To blame someone else for your errors is even more human.
To get it done: Do it yourself, hire someone, or forbid your kids to do it.
To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three men, two of them absent.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk. -- Thomas Edison
To make a small fortune in the commodities market, start with a large fortune.
To succeed in politics, it is often necessary to rise above your principles.
Toe: A part of the foot used to find furniture in the dark. -- Rilla May
Tragedy: A busload of lawyers driving off a cliff with three empty seats.
Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it. -- Twain
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it is just the opposite.
We are all politicians. Some of us are just honest enough to admit it.
We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it. -- Dwight D Eisenhower
We are not a loved organization, but we are a respected one. -- John Fisher
We are so fond of each other because our ailments are the same. -- Swift
We can loan you enough money to get you completely out of debt. -- sign in bank
We could do that, but it would be wrong, that's for sure. -- Richard Nixon
We don't have to protect the environment; the Second Coming is at hand. -- Watt
We totally deny the allegations, and we are trying to identify the allegators.
We will have solar energy as soon as the utility companies solve one technical problem -- how to run a sunbeam through a meter.
What can't be said, can't be said. And it can't be whistled, either. -- Tirtha
What is inconceivable about the universe is that it is at all conceivable. -- Albert Einstein
What is the difference between a duck? One of its legs is both the same.
What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy? -- Ursula LeGuin
What this country needs is more leaders who know what this country needs.
What, after all, is a halo? It's only one more thing to keep clean. -- Fry
When I look at my children, I often wish I had remained a virgin. -- L. Carter
When I'm good, I'm very good. But when I'm bad, I'm better. -- Mae West
When in charge, ponder. When in doubt, mumble. When in trouble, delegate.
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes. -- Dylan Thomas
When someone says, "It ain't the money, but the principle," it's the money.
When told he was making more per year than the President, Babe Ruth replied, "Well, I had a better year than he did."
When you make your mark in the world, watch out for guys with erasers.
When you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow. -- LBJ
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally. -- A. Lincoln
Whenever anyone says, "theoretically", they really mean, "not really". -- Parnas
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong. --Oscar Wilde
Whether you can hear it or not, the universe is laughing behind your back.
While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position.
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. -- Nietsche
Why be difficult when, with a bit of effort, you could be impossible?
Why bother building any more nuclear warheads until we use the ones we have?
Why did the chicken cross the road? The rooster was on the other side.
Why did the tachyon cross the road? Because it was on the other side.
Why is "palindrome" spelled "palindrome" and not "palindromeemordnilap"?
Why is it that there are so many more horses' asses than horses? -- Liddy
Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.
Women want one man to meet every need; men want every woman to meet one need.
Yo-yo: Something occasionally up but normally down (see also "computer").
You can fool some of the people some of the time, and that is sufficient.
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word.
You can learn many things from children... like how much patience you have.
You can't hold a man down without staying down with him. -- Booker T. Washington
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes. You will learn a lot today.
You know you are a little fat if you have stretch marks on your car. -- Cyrus
You know you are over the hill when work is less fun and fun is more work.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
You never know who is right, but you always know who is in charge. -- Whistler
You will never hit your finger if you hold the hammer with both hands.
You will pay for your sins. If you have already paid, please disregard.
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on. -- Dean Martin
Your reasoning is silly and irrational but it is beginning to make sense.
lying is the second greatest experience known to man. Landing is the first.
